Add server address for TTKG (#1038)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/getting-started/server-addresses/_index.md

**Example 2**: The CUPS address for an `au1` Cloud tenant is `https://tenant.au1.cloud.thethings.industries:443`, where `tenant` should be replaced with your Tenant ID.

**Example 3**: If you installed {{% tts %}} Enterprise or Open Source, the CUPS address is the domain you used in configuration, for example `https://thethings.example.com:443`.

## The Things Kickstarter Gateway Account Server

The The Things Kickstarter Gateway Account Server address is a combination of the **scheme** (https) and the **server address**. The port is inferred from the scheme.

> **Example 1**: For the `eu1` The Things Stack Community Edition cluster, the value is `https://eu1.cloud.thethings.network`. Replace `eu1` with the applicable cluster value (ex: `nam1`, `au1` etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example 1**: For the `eu1` {{% tts %}} Community Edition cluster, the value is `https://eu1.cloud.thethings.network`. Replace `eu1` with the applicable cluster value (ex: `nam1`, `au1` etc).
```

> **Example 2**: For The Things Stack Cloud cluster `au1` with tenant `tenant`, the value is `https://tenant.au1.cloud.thethings.industries`. Replace  `tenant` with your Tenant ID and `au1` with the appropriate cluster value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example 2**: For {{% tts %}} Cloud cluster `au1` with tenant `tenant`, the value is `https://tenant.au1.cloud.thethings.industries`. Replace  `tenant` with your Tenant ID and `au1` with the appropriate cluster value.
```
